New Resource: `azurerm_virtual_hub_routing_intent` (#23138)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/virtual_hub_routing_intent.html.markdown

  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  virtual_wan_id      = azurerm_virtual_wan.example.id
  address_prefix      = "10.0.1.0/24"
}

resource "azurerm_firewall" "example" {
  name                = "example-fw"
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  sku_name            = "AZFW_Hub"
  sku_tier            = "Standard"

  virtual_hub {
    virtual_hub_id  = azurerm_virtual_hub.example.id
    public_ip_count = 1
  }
}

resource "azurerm_virtual_hub_routing_intent" "example" {
  name           = "example-routingintent"
  virtual_hub_id = azurerm_virtual_hub.example.id

  routing_policy {
    name         = "InternetTrafficPolicy"
    destinations = ["Internet"]
    next_hop     = azurerm_firewall.example.id
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Virtual Hub Routing Intent. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_hub_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Virtual Hub. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `routing_policy` - (Required) A `routing_policy` block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `routing_policy` - (Required) One or more `routing_policy` blocks as defined below.
```

Author: Updated
